# Appointment-Scheduling

Appointment scheduling web application which allow users to login and manage appointments for advising.
• Database was not provided earlier and it has took time to work on it and prepare schema & database from raw state.
• Issues faced in getting the project running and how you solved the issues: a) We imported the project in Eclipse IDE. First of all we tried running the code but it didn’t as there were errors in the project. b) Then we read the code, tried understanding the structure of code, packages and classes. We drew the class diagram based on our understanding of the code. c) As it was a web application we then download Apache 7.xx as well as MySQL workbench. d) The project had .jsp files in it which we tried running on apache tomcat. e) We also faced the database issue as we don’t have the database schema for the project “MAV APPOINT”, we our-self figured out the schema and we have created dummy data base which took almost all of the time. f) There were lots of issues related to libraries, which we have solved by adding the respective library as an external jar files. • What features in the original requirements and new requirements were already implemented a) Login feature, b) Displaying views based on the user role, c) Scheduling an appointment, d) Management by advisor for scheduled appointment and related activities. e) Student Registration. • What features in the new requirements did you try to implement and how successful were you We have analysed the existing code in detail and prepared the class diagram. Then based on new requirements we enhanced the existing system, class diagram.


